hello everybody this is skyguy 264 and I
just had a lot of coffee and I got done
shoveling and I'm here to record a video
yea sorry I'm a little loopy I've had a
lot of coffee today and uh I wanted to I
wanted to go over my new plan because
I've made some realizations after I've
made a couple of these videos in that uh
maybe it's not worth it to record every
single minute of game play I'm still
going on the edge of it I just think
that there's not much that's gonna
change from video to video if all I'm
doing is well leveling up I can
certainly show a lot of that game play
and I can do that maybe with again I
brought this up before but maybe
montages or I don't know I'm still
trying to come up with a productive way
of showing everything that you guys
might want to see I figure
you know maybe everybody knows the whole
stuff I don't know nut maybe not that
everybody knows it but just seeing the
same stuff over and over and over again
it's going to get old so I'm planning on
kind of splitting it up a little bit I
haven't truly decided because right now
I'm still not in like a SAT recording
pattern so I'm still trying to figure it
out but I'm thinking maybe you know one
or two videos a day like maybe have one
at the very beginning of the day or you
know the middle of the day and then one
at the end of the day and then kind of
show my progress for that day you know
what's happened throughout that day
rather than just post every single
minute in at least then I could kind of
go over the different upgrades that I've
done that day you know maybe show the
highlights of the raids and just give
you the highlights because I figure
that's probably more productive and more
informative for you guys as well so I'm
still not sure I think that's gonna
actually require more work for me
because that means i have to go through
all of the footage and really find some
highlights but i think in the end it
would make for better videos so i might
give that a try it's the weekend right
now so I've got some extra time I'll
give it a shot see how time-intensive it
ends up being and I'll let you guys you
know I want to hear your guy's opinion
see what you guys want the most out of
it you know I still don't have too much
content so but let you know let's see
where we go with this stuff so i figure
i'll give that a shot next I just wanted
to kind of upload a real quick video
give my thoughts you know see what you
guys thought and
you know just kind of see what works out
all right so that's pretty much all i
wanted to say in this video not get to
too far into it so i'll cut it here
we'll give it a shot in the next video
and see what happens all right everybody
take care this is skyguy 264